Migrate en cards #040–#045 to Mermaid (#488)
jtemporal/gitfichas: en/_posts/2022-01-23-044.md

---
layout: post
pretitle:
title: Removing

> subtitle: a stash from the pile and applying it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pretitle: Removing a 
title: stash
subtitle: from the pile and applying it
```

command: git stash pop
descriptors:
  - command: command to manage \nstashes

>   - part1: removes from the pile \nand applies changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - part1: removes a stash from the\npile and applies the changes
```
